1. What type would you choose for the following “numbers”?

A person’s telephone number -- int
A person’s height -- float
A person’s age -- float
A person’s gender (Male, Female, Prefer Not To Answer) -- string
A person’s salary -- float
A book’s ISBN -- int
A book’s price -- float
A book’s shipping weight -- float
A country’s population -- long
The number of stars in the universe -- long
The number of employees in each of the small or medium businesses in the
United Kingdom (up to about 50,000 employees per business) -- int


2. What are the difference between value type and reference type variables? What is
boxing and unboxing?
Value type will directly hold the value, stored in stack memory; 
but reference type will hold the address for the value, stored in heap memory.
Value type won't accept null whereas reference type would.

3. What is meant by the terms managed resource and unmanaged resource in .NET

4. Whats the purpose of Garbage Collector in .NET?

Controlling Flow and Converting Types
Test your Knowledge
1. What happens when you divide an int variable by 0?
2. What happens when you divide a double variable by 0?
3. What happens when you overflow an int variable, that is, set it to a value beyond its
range?
4. What is the difference between x = y++; and x = ++y;?
5. What is the difference between break, continue, and return when used inside a loop
statement?
6. What are the three parts of a for statement and which of them are required?
7. What is the difference between the = and == operators?
8. Does the following statement compile? for ( ; true; ) ;
9. What does the underscore _ represent in a switch expression?
10. What interface must an object implement to be enumerated over by using the foreach
statement?
Practice loops and operators
1. FizzBuzzis a group word game for children to teach them about division. Players take turns
to count incrementally, replacing any number divisible by three with the word /fizz/, any
number divisible by five with the word /buzz/, and any number divisible by both with /
